Facebook	Hillary Clinton blamed the Democratic National Committee, Facebook, and conspiracy site Infowars Wednesday for her election defeat during an interview in which she pointed at a total of 18 alleged guilty parties for her big loss.
WikiLeaks	(RELATED: The 44 Most Damning Stories From WikiLeaks) During the same event, Clinton also attacked Facebook, Twitter bots, The New York Times, Steve Bannon, and the media in general.
Trump	Trump accepted Dubke’s offer to stay while on his first overseas trip as president this month.
Mr. Trump	It was a familiar morning for Mr. Trump on his favored medium — and for a nation that had, for a little more than a week, gone without the president’s stream-of-consciousness missives.
Sunday	But he seemed on Sunday to be as aggrieved as ever by what he considers unfair news coverage.
Trump	Aside from government innovation, Kushner has acted as a sort of “shadow secretary of state” in the Trump administration, a source told Politico in February.
Jacobs	Jacobs: “You just body-slammed me and broke my glasses.”
Ben Jacobs	Word is, Gianforte grabbed the guy, Ben Jacobs of the Guardian, with both hands by the neck and body slammed him to the ground, where he proceeded to jump atop him and pound him with fists.
Fox	"At 21st Century Fox we will always be enormously grateful for the great business he built.
his	Not sure I would have been President w/o his great talent, loyal help.
Yates	Yates: 'Flynn Was Compromised With Respect to the Russians'
his	But his margin for error on Obamacare is razor-thin; Republicans can afford no more than two defections, meaning that some combination of staunch conservatives like Paul, Cruz, and Lee will have to endorse the same bill as Collins, Murkowski, and Heller, who is up for reelection in 2018 in a state Hillary Clinton carried in November.
CNN	Appearing on CNN, Ossoff admitted that he doesn't live in the 6th district as the lives with his girlfriend of 12 years (!) while she goes to medical school at Emory.
Trump	Here are the top 10 anti-Trump shifts, with Georgia's 6th at No.
Najle	(Overall, kudos to Gervais and Najle for being forthright about their curious finding.
Spicer	Sean Spicer Under Fire After Falsely Claims Nazis Never Used Poison Gas
Russia	“In that regard, we are hopeful that we can work with Russia and use their influence to achieve areas of stabilization throughout Syria and create the conditions for a political process through Geneva in which we can engage all of the parties on the way forward, and it is through that political process that we believe the Syrian people will lawfully be able to decide the fate of Bashar al-Assad,” he added.
Gorsuch	Here are four reasons why American citizens—especially Evangelical conservatives—should consider Gorsuch’s confirmation a great victory and why he might be better even than Scalia, whose place on the bench he would take.
Yazan al-Saadi	In Lebanon, thank you to Yazan al-Saadi, Syrian-Canadian writer in Beirut; Alia Malek, here in New York, author of The Home That Was Our Country: A Memoir of Syria; Phyllis Bennis, fellow at the Institute for Policy Studies; and Medea Benjamin, co-founder of CodePink.
his	Here is his floor speech running through the series of events and actions that led the Senate to this point.
Schumer	He correctly lays the blame squarely on the shoulders of Democrats and announces his backing of the nuclear 'Reid Rule' in retaliation: Before the deed is done, I'll leave you with one final insulting lie from Chuck Schumer, whose party has acted in bad faith on these questions for many years: Schumer: My colleagues came into this with an open mind about confirming Gorsuch.
Rice	So who’s right — Trump and his allies, or Rice?
Neil Gorsuch	Jeff Merkley (D-OR) headed to the Senate floor to start talking about why he was opposed to the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court "for as long as I am able."
McConnell	McConnell: We Have the Votes to Bust Filibuster on Gorsuch for Supreme Court
Gorsuch	McConnell said Sunday that Gorsuch “deserves to be confirmed” and “will ultimately be confirmed.”
Trump	Some argue that Flynn's discussion of sanctions with Sergey Kislyak before Trump's inauguration may have broken an old law that prohibits unauthorized citizens from negotiating with foreign powers in disputes with the United States.
Paul Ryan (R-Wis.)	Former prosecutor Jeanine Pirro opened her Fox News show Saturday by calling for Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) to step down as Speaker of the House — hours after President Donald Trump posted a tweet telling his followers to tune in.
May	May underscored that the attack targeted "free people everywhere," and she said she had a response: "You will not defeat us."
Bharara	Several hours later, it was learned President Donald Trump had reached out through a secretary on his staff to Bharara on Thursday but the two men never spoke.
Schumer	When Trump announced in November that Bharara would, in fact, be kept on, it was not clear if he did so at Schumer’s behest or as a show of good will to the Minority Leader.
Barack Obama	“Trump inherited an economy from Barack Obama with the longest streak of private sector job growth in history,” he said in a statement.
Mr. Trump	Senator Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said he had “never seen anything so outlandish, outrageous or incomprehensible” as Mr. Trump’s claims.
Obama	Mr. French argues, “The notion that Obama would never have an American subject to surveillance is absurd.”
Trump	Referencing Trump's description of Obama as a "bad (or sick) guy," Schiff said, "If there is something bad or sick going on, it is the willingness of the nation's chief executive to make the most outlandish and destructive claims without providing a scintilla of evidence to support them.
Obama	The Breitbart story, published Friday, has been circulating among Trump's senior staff, according to a White House official who described it as a useful catalogue of the Obama administration's activities.
Franken	But if we consider this matter not as a political dispute but a potential perjury prosecution, then the burden was on Franken, not Sessions, to be clearer.
Trump	In those circumstances, it was up to Franken to clarify matters, by asking a follow-up along the lines of, “To be clear, I am asking you whether you’ve had any contact whatsoever with Russian officials during the campaign, whether as a Trump surrogate, in your capacity as a U.S. senator, or under any other circumstances.”
Peter Schweizer	An entire chapter is dedicated to this uranium deal in Peter Schweizer’s “Clinton Cash.”
Russian	Donald Trump: ‘Russian connection non-sense’ is cover for Clinton’s ‘many mistakes’
former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort	Among those supposedly communicating with Russian nationals was former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, the report said.
Russian	Among those supposedly communicating with Russian nationals was former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, the report said.
Donald Trump	Donald Trump: John McCain ‘should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission’
Mr. Sessions	They worried that Mr. Sessions wouldn’t be strong enough in enforcing civil rights laws and that he would be too zealous in following immigration laws.
Mr. Sessions	In a letter at the time of Mr. Sessions’ earlier nomination, King had accused him of “a shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters.”
her	Jeff Sessions, one of her colleagues and Mr. Trump’s nominee to head the Justice Department.
King	"Mrs. King's views and words ring true today," Warren said.
Gorsuch	Gorsuch, despite a reportedly mild-mannered temperament, is known for his anti-choice and anti-LGBT stances, pro-employer rulings in labor disputes, anti-regulatory attitudes, dismissal of scientific expertise, and pro-police bias in brutality cases, according to statements from public interest groups issued after the announcement.
Yates	Yates never should have been in the position to undertake her grandstanding in the first place — but at least that particular error has now been corrected.
President Trump	That is why President Trump was right to fire Acting Attorney General Sally Yates.
U.S.	Peña Nieto and other Mexican officials repeatedly condemned the idea of a border wall — one of Trump's signature promises and a rallying cry for his supporters — during last year's U.S. presidential campaign.
Donald Trump	On Saturday, President Donald Trump’s first full day in office, he gave a speech at CIA headquarters in which he lied about the size of the crowd at his inauguration and falsely claimed that he had never feuded with the U.S. intelligence community.
Trump	Perdue, 70, served on Trump's agricultural advisory committee during his presidential campaign.
MANNING	WILL WIKILEAKS’ JULIAN ASSANGE MAKE GOOD ON HIS OFFER TO TURN HIMSELF IN AFTER MANNING CLEMENCY?
Meryl Streep’s	[ Read Meryl Streep’s Golden Globes speech ] The Globes were the last high-profile Hollywood event before Mr. Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20, a transfer of power that many in the entertainment industry have bemoaned.
Meryl Streep's	Top aide to Donald Trump Kellyanne Conway told "Fox and Friends" Monday she's "concerned that somebody with a platform like Meryl Streep's is inciting people's worst instincts."
Streep	Shortly after the 74th annual Golden Globes wrapped, where "La La Land" and "Moonlight" were the night’s big winners, Trump told the NY Times he had not seen the show or Streep's remarks.
Streep	Conway noted the races of those involved, four African-American suspects and a white victim, and said that if Streep is truly concerned about the disabled community, she should speak out about the incident in Chicago.
FBI	A day after the shooting, agents had interviewed more than 100 people, including Santiago, who surrendered after firing all of his ammunition by dropping onto the floor, spread-eagle, near a baggage area when a sheriff’s deputy approached him, according to an FBI affidavit.
Russian	Mr. Trump claimed on New Year’s Eve that he had information no one else had on Russian hacking and that he would reveal it publicly this week, but he has not yet followed through on that statement.
Assange	In new tweets early Thursday, Trump backed away from Assange somewhat.
Assange	He blamed the "dishonest media" for portraying him as agreeing with Assange.
Clapper	Clapper: Trump rhetoric on intel agencies alarming U.S. allies
Congress	“In Congress, he has been a conservative reformer from day one, proposing solutions to fix the budget process and our regulatory system.”
Mick Mulvaney	“Mick Mulvaney is the absolute right choice,” said House Speaker Paul D. Ryan.
Trump	Their request: Ms. Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard chief executive, emerged from a meeting with the president-elect at Trump Tower on Monday to talk tough, not on Russia but on China, which she called “our most important adversary and a rising adversary.”
Trump	Mr. McCain withdrew his endorsement in October when an 11-year-old videotape surfaced in which Mr. Trump was caught on a hot mic using vulgar language about women.
myself	We have — I think, I can say at least for myself, I can't speak for him, but we have a really good chemistry together.
Trump	MATTIS AS SECRETARY OF DEFENSE Carson ran against Trump during the Republican primary battle.
The 53-year-old Mnuchin	The 53-year-old Mnuchin was in May appointed Trump's campaign finance chairman.
Mr. Mnuchin	On the surface, all of that may make Mr. Mnuchin an outsider of sorts.
Mr. Giuliani	And when reports surfaced about Mr. Giuliani’s foreign business entanglements and highly compensated speechmaking, Mr. Trump grew even warier.
African-Americans	When Trump talked about African-Americans he always talked about inner-city poverty, as if that was the sum total of the black experience in America.
American	Hillary Clinton was at her best and most uplifting when she spoke about American interests in world affairs and how they relate to our understanding of democracy.
Sessions	Trump said in a statement on Friday that Sessions was a “world-class legal mind and considered a truly great Attorney General and U.S. Attorney in the state of Alabama.”
Trump	"People didn't vote for Trump so that he could bring a white supremacist into the White House," Sen.
President Putin	The Trump transition team reported that “President-elect Trump noted to President Putin that he is very much looking forward to having a strong and enduring relationship with Russia and the people of Russia.”
Mr. Putin	While Mr. Trump said he hoped to have a constructive relationship with Russia, he insisted during one of his debates with Hillary Clinton that he was “no puppet” of Mr. Putin.
Trump	While Mr. Ryan has generally steered clear of the Trump campaign in recent weeks, he recently acknowledged that he had voted for Mr. Trump along with all of the other Republicans on the ballot.
Florida	Obama's 2008 Florida campaign director Steve Schale told Obama recently that Clinton would win the state based on early voting, the state's voter diversity, and the high number of women voters.
Clinton	Reopening Email Investigation Stain on Clinton AND Comey
Clinton	“The stunning revelation in Comey’s letter to various Congressional committees today reveals that the Bureau’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private, unsecured, unencrypted server in her home to conduct government business was not thorough,” diGenova told The American Spectator on Friday.
an election	The director, in a damned-if-I-do-damned-if-I-don’t position this summer in opening up the bureau to charges of politicizing the apolitical FBI whether he recommended an indictment of not, now, less than two weeks before an election, puts himself and the bureau in a far more precarious spot.
Clinton	Like the publication of private emails from Clinton’s closest aides through WikiLeaks, the discovery of the former secretary’s emails on Anthony Weiner’s computer suggests that shielding public business on a private server left State Department less protected than its secretary.
Clinton	For her part Mrs. Clinton, campaigning in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, did not address the issue, instead sticking doggedly to her stump speech of attacks on Mr. Trump mixed with a plea to voters to focus on issues.
Mrs. Clinton	Mr. Trump has fallen behind Mrs. Clinton in most national polls and in many key states.
Mr. Comey	“We are calling on the F.B.I. to release all the information that it has,” Mrs. Clinton said adamantly in an evening news conference that took issue with Mr. Comey for making the disclosure so close to the election.
former President Bill Clinton	When Kelly insisted that she had indeed covered these topics, Gingrich then proceeded to "dare" her to declare that former President Bill Clinton is a sexual predator.
Donald Trump	Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) accused Fox News host Megyn Kelly of being “fascinated by sex” on Tuesday, after snapping at her for asking about the women who have accused Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of sexual assault.
herself	Mr. Trump has long known!! .@MegynKelly made a total fool out of herself tonight- attacking @realDonaldTrump.
Clinton	Larry Sabato’s Crystal Ball: “With less than three weeks to go, and all of the debates blessedly in the rearview mirror, Clinton is in a commanding position in the contest to become the 45th president… “A striking development in recent days has been the smattering of polling showing Trump with weak leads in some reliably Republican states.
Saturday	At her rally Saturday in Pennsylvania, Mrs. Clinton devoted much of her remarks to the state’s contentious Senate race, giving an extended plug to the Democratic candidate, Katie McGinty, and attacking the Republican incumbent, Senator Patrick J. Toomey, for not denouncing Mr. Trump for his vulgar remarks about women captured in a recording.
his	Yet in his own Gettysburg address, Mr. Trump, who has been sliding in the polls less than three weeks before Election Day, did not offer much in the way of race-changing oratory and did not seem to embrace Lincoln’s unifying ambition.
Hillary Clinton's	Conservative video-maker James O'Keefe's — best known for selectively editing undercover footage to get people fired — claimed another victim on Monday, after his Project Veritas group released the first in what he says will be a series of undercover videos revealing corruption within Hillary Clinton's campaign.
Kennedy	In a letter to Mr. Kerry, they accused Mr. Kennedy, the State Department and the F.B.I. of collusion.
him	They could mobilize fully against him, do everything possible to deny him the nomination, sustain and support his challengers all the way to the convention, knowing that Trump would try to bring the pillars of the party down upon their heads.
his	The P-word tape had finally pushed the speaker, with his tepid backing of Trump, to cancel a weekend appearance and bail on the standard-bearer.
Trump	The P-word tape had finally pushed the speaker, with his tepid backing of Trump, to cancel a weekend appearance and bail on the standard-bearer.
the poll	But there’s little evidence at the outset that such a move would help Republicans: Clinton holds a 6-point lead over Pence in a hypothetical matchup among likely voters, according to the poll.
Trump	Ana Navarro: Time for GOP to Disavow Donald Trump
Pence	While Pence was the living embodiment of an unflappable liar — definitely the guy to go to if you need someone to bury the bodies — Kaine's relentlessness on this front clearly got to him enough that, for a brief, shining moment, he got flustered and angry.
Pence	Kaine’s labored lines and sweaty lunges contrasted embarrassingly with Pence’s smooth and substantive debate performance.
THE FACTS	THE FACTS: True, but that's not exactly to his credit as governor of Indiana.
Mr. Trump	Before the 1996 state tax return surfaced Saturday, Mr. Trump was under fire for saying in a debate with Mrs. Clinton last week that he would be “smart” if he got out of paying taxes.
the billionaire businessman was an “absolute genius	Former New York Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani defended Mr. Trump’s tax moves by boasting that the billionaire businessman was an “absolute genius.”
Hillary	The wolf was replaced Monday night by a kinder, gentler Trump, a lovable lamb — now that the target in the debate is Hillary.
Trump	The former pageant winner told Cosmopolitan Magazine this week that she became a citizen last August specifically to vote against Trump, well after Clinton's 2013 departure from the State Department.
Trump	One of the main talking points has been that Trump was a “gentleman” for not bringing up Bill Clinton’s infidelities and hasn’t gotten the credit he deserved.
Bill Clinton’s	One of the main talking points has been that Trump was a “gentleman” for not bringing up Bill Clinton’s infidelities and hasn’t gotten the credit he deserved.
Clinton	Trump struggled to defend himself against attacks by Clinton over his denigration of women, insensitivity on race relations and an assertion that he avoided paying federal taxes for years.
Donald Trump	Members of Philadelphia focus group cite Clinton’s ‘informed’ and ‘strong’ showing over ‘sloppy’ Donald Trump but remain unenthusiastic about choices Lauren Gambino in Philadelphia Tue 27 Sep 2016 12.32 BST Last modified on Fri 14 Jul 2017 19.39 BST In a clash between the two most unpopular presidential nominees in modern history, a group of undecided voters in the battleground state of Pennsylvania declared Hillary Clinton the clear winner; but remained deeply pessimistic about their choices in November.
Clinton	The whopper came from Clinton, who suggested that the U.S. does not yet have “equal pay for equal work,” something that has been a matter of law for decades.
Trump	"It's unfair to ask for Hillary both to play traffic cop while with Trump, make sure that his lies are corrected, and also to present her vision for what she wants to do for the American people," Mook said.
Hillary	"It's unfair to ask for Hillary both to play traffic cop while with Trump, make sure that his lies are corrected, and also to present her vision for what she wants to do for the American people," Mook said.
Monday	(New Jersey State Police) Rahami was charged late Monday in Union County with five counts of attempted murder of a police officer.
CNN	Two days earlier, Trump had tweeted a response to Jay-Z after the rapper and mogul criticized the president in part for characterizing Haiti and African nations as "shithole countries" during a CNN interview.
him	But Jay-Z was way ahead of him, telling CNN that the black unemployment rate doesn't make up for the president's divisive rhetoric.
Clinton	Overall, the current polling points to a strong electoral vote win for Clinton, resembling Barack Obama’s margin of victory over John McCain in 2008.
Clinton	Clinton scandals taking a toll. pic.twitter.com/FA3lRy1uQt Ben Shapiro writes that unlike other "good" polls for Trump, in which his support remained static as Hillary's dropped, the new CNN survey actually shows him gaining.
Trump	Clinton scandals taking a toll. pic.twitter.com/FA3lRy1uQt Ben Shapiro writes that unlike other "good" polls for Trump, in which his support remained static as Hillary's dropped, the new CNN survey actually shows him gaining.
Hillary Clinton's	And the relentless drip, drip, drip of Hillary Clinton's corrupt lying getting systematically exposed is really hurting her.
Mexico	He showed he’s a man of action by flying to Mexico on a moment’s notice.
President Enrique Pena Nieto	Trump says on Twitter that he looks “very much forward” to meeting with President Enrique Pena Nieto.
Donald Trump’s	DES MOINES, Iowa – Donald Trump’s experiment with “softening” his immigration policy came to a dramatic end Saturday in a fairgrounds livestock pavilion, with the Republican presidential nominee promising deportations within an hour of his inauguration.
Clinton	Spencer celebrated that sentiment on Twitter Thursday, before Clinton’s speech.
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton	Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s powerful denunciation Thursday of “alt-right” extremism that she said GOP opponent Donald Trump embraces was cheered by adherents of the political philosophy.
Trump	On Wednesday, the campaigns of his former rivals were quick to point this out. .@JebBush spox @kristymcampbell says Trump's shift in deportation policy is "unsurprising" pic.twitter.com/md073YHLxH I guess Governor Kasich's advice wasn't so bad after all?
Lochte	Rio police indict Lochte, teammate for falsely reporting robbery
Tuesday	In a shift, he delivered a scripted speech to a rally audience Tuesday night in Wisconsin, appealing to minority voters in part by accusing Clinton of "bigotry" and saying she sees African-Americans as no more than votes to be won.
Obama	“It all began in 2009 with what has become known as President Obama’s global ‘Apology Tour.’” Trump resurrects an old — and discredited — Republican talking point.
"Hillary Clinton	"Hillary Clinton is at the center of an international corruption scandal that reveals her use of government authority and influence for personal gain," Miller said.
Clinton	Trump said Clinton is a "dangerous liar" and accused her of failing to achieve anything during her long career in public service — except, he said, avoiding criminal charges for using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state.
The Washington Post's Philip Rucker	In comments to The Washington Post's Philip Rucker on Tuesday, Trump declined to back Ryan and said nice things about Ryan's primary opponent, Paul Nehlen.
Donald Trump	Khizr Khan, Father Of Slain War Hero, Calls Donald Trump A 'Black Soul'
Donald Trump	Khizr Khan, the father of a slain Muslim American war hero, on Sunday continued to speak out against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and his anti-Muslim bigotry.
Khan	Both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) responded to Khan in statements on Sunday afternoon.
Russia	What’s striking about the coverage is that it barely acknowledges that this could be an open question: The New York Times headline: “Donald Trump’s Appeal to Russia Shocks Foreign Policy Experts”: “There is simply no precedent for this: A presidential candidate publicly appealing to a foreign adversary to intervene in the election on his behalf.”
Trump	What’s striking about the coverage is that it barely acknowledges that this could be an open question: The New York Times headline: “Donald Trump’s Appeal to Russia Shocks Foreign Policy Experts”: “There is simply no precedent for this: A presidential candidate publicly appealing to a foreign adversary to intervene in the election on his behalf.”
Russia	Donald Trump’s Appeal to Russia Shocks Foreign Policy Experts
Wasserman Schultz's	Even some of Wasserman Schultz's harshest critics acknowledge that part of that problem was structural: She was in elected office while also serving as the party chair.
Sanders	Responding to Sanders’ complaints the party hasn’t been fair to him, she wrote to a staffer in an April email: “Spoken like someone who has never been a member of the Democratic Party and has no understanding of what we do.”
Wasserman Schultz	In a statement after Wasserman Schultz’s resignation, Sanders said the DNC needs new leadership.
Tim Kaine	Hillary Clinton Selects Tim Kaine, a Popular Senator From a Swing State, as Running Mate
Tampa	At a rally in Tampa on Friday evening, Mrs. Clinton blasted the bleak vision of America presented by her Republican rival.
Tim Kaine	Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks.
Trump	She asked, if Trump were president, “Will a woman make the same as a man and will I get to choose what I do with my body?”
his	But then, perhaps there’s truth to his absurd promises: When the crisis is invented, the solution is simpler.
Clinton	“With Donald Trump and Mike Pence, America’s ready for a comeback after almost a decade of Clinton-Obama failures.”
Donald Trump	“With Donald Trump and Mike Pence, America’s ready for a comeback after almost a decade of Clinton-Obama failures.”
Erdogan	So, too, have street demonstrators and leading politicians — including Erdogan opponents.
him	Mike Pence and offered him the vice-presidential slot on his ticket.
Pence	Patricia Murphy wrote, “In addition to testing the men's chemistry together, Trump was reportedly impressed with Pence's calm demeanor, his experience on Capitol Hill and as a governor, and Pence's potential to assist Trump in governing, should the ticket win in November.”
Donald Trump	In an interview with The Times published Sunday, Justice Ginsburg said, “I can’t imagine what the country would be — with Donald Trump as our president,” joking that if her husband were alive, he might have said, “It’s time for us to move to New Zealand.”
Hillary Clinton	(AP) — In another nod to primary rival Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton is proposing to increase federal money for community health centers and outlining steps to expand access to health care across the nation.
Clinton	FBI’s Comey: Clinton 'extremely careless' about emails, but bureau will not advise criminal charges
Pence	Cotton, 39 and thought by some a likely post-Trump presidential candidate in 2020, has not been as often named among potential Trump VPs as Pence and Ernst.
Trump	"What is distasteful about Trump is not that he offends old-fashioned American values," wrote Mother Jones’s Tim Murphy in one typical reaction.
Britain	Speaking to the host of ITV's "Good Morning Britain," Farage called one of the "leave" campaign's biggest promises a "mistake," though he distanced himself from the decision to make the promise in the first place.
Trump	Clinton Opens 12-Point Lead on Trump as Two-Thirds See Him as Biased (POLL)
Sunday	“It wasn’t just that 40 senators came to the floor and supported my effort to get these votes but there were millions of people all across the country who rose up and who joined our effort,” Murphy said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week.”
Mateen	While Salman has been widely referred to as Mateen's wife, the only proof of their marriage is her listing as his wife on a 2013 mortgage document and family members who said the two were married and had a 3-year-old son.
Tuesday	However, Fox News reported Tuesday that Mateen was more than just an acquaintance of another radicalized terrorist who left Florida for Syria where he blew himself up in 2014.
Mateen	However, Fox News reported Tuesday that Mateen was more than just an acquaintance of another radicalized terrorist who left Florida for Syria where he blew himself up in 2014.
African-Americans	Mr. Jones predicted black turnout would be strong and laced into Mr. Moore for comments he has made criticizing the constitutional amendments, enacted after the Civil War, that abolished slavery and gave broader rights to African-Americans.
Clinton	Whether that means a fight to overhaul the party platform – or a last-ditch bid to somehow deny Clinton the nomination – remains to be seen.
me	Honored to have you with me, @POTUS.
he	But it is hard to think of a moment when he was ever less than brave.
Tapper	This moment right here — with this look on Tapper's face — perfectly encapsulates the exchange.
TAPPER	TAPPER: If you are saying he cannot do his job because of his race, is that not the definition of racism?
Donald Trump	(AP) — Hillary Clinton is keeping the heat on Donald Trump, saying “we are trying to elect a president, not a dictator.”
the primary race	Sanders continues to stay in the primary race, despite facing very long odds of winning the nomination.
them	This combination of fiscal responsibility and tolerance won them office in their respective states -- New Mexico and Massachusetts -- in spite of each being Democratic strongholds.
the United States	She saw Macron’s video and, weary of short-term grants and worried about growing budget pressures in the United States, applied.
Sanders	Simon Rosenberg, a Democratic strategist and founder of the center-left thinktank New Democrat Network, wrote in a column this week that the California debate should proceed as initially planned between Clinton and Sanders.
Sanders	On ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live," Trump said he enjoyed watching Clinton's increasingly heated sparring with Sanders.
CNN	Sanders said in an interview to be broadcast Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union that Canova’s views are much closer to his views.
Friday	Maya Harris, a senior policy adviser to Mrs. Clinton, dismissed Mr. Trump’s attacks on Friday, saying he was “peddling falsehoods.”
Melania Trump	— Melania Trump on her husband, Donald Trump Bits and Bites Kathleen Sebelius Hails Supreme Court Decision as a ‘Win for Women’ [TIME] Jeb Bush Has Some Thoughts On Trump’s Cinco De Mayo Tweet [Huffington Post] Donald Trump and Megyn Kelly Spar Over ‘Bimbo’ Retweet [TIME] Trump Willing to Talk to North Korea’s Kim, Wants to Renegotiate Climate Accord [Reuters] Melania Trump: Husband Is ‘not Hitler,’ Reporter ‘Provoked’ Anti-Semitic Attacks [CNN] Sanders Dodges Question About Convention Disturbance [NBC]
Clinton	UPDATE: Clinton's victory is now official, and CNN is projecting that she has won Kentucky.
the state	“In 2008, Secretary Clinton spent an enormous amount of time in the state and she won overwhelmingly in the primary against President Obama.
Gundlach	Gundlach: Trump Would Use Debt Like Reagan for Growth
Trump	But even if you subscribe to Trump's wrong view of international finance, his comments are stupid.
Ryan	“It’s great leadership on Paul Ryan’s part, because it puts them in a place where all these other members can turn around and say the same thing, which is, ‘Look, there are some things that we’ve got to stand for.’
Trump	This happened even though the most personal attacks came from Trump, not Cruz.
his	A majority of Americans now narrowly approve of Mr. Obama’s performance — a big improvement from his standing in surveys ahead of the midterm elections, when his ratings were decidedly negative.
Trump	Only then did Republicans begin backing him, though many gave tepid reasons for doing so and perceived him merely as the lesser of two evils when compared to Trump.
Trump	The victory was mainly strategic for Cruz since all 58 Arizona delegates are required to vote for Trump on the first national ballot because he won the state’s primary.
Arizona	In Arizona, Cruz loyalists won nearly all but two of the 28 at-large delegate and about half of the 27 congressional district delegates.
Lyin’ Ted	Trump added that the pact, “[s]hows how weak and desperate Lyin’ Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can’t stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.”
Cruz	With 156 bound delegates at stake next Tuesday, the test for Cruz and John Kasich will be how many they can pick off.
Bernie Sanders	Bernie Sanders in her adopted home state, which she represented in the Senate for eight years.
Al Franken	Journalist Al Giordano added elsewhere, “Al Franken, today, showed true leadership.
Mr. Obama	Mr. Yoo said if the justices side with Mr. Obama, it opens the way for a future Republican president to use prosecutorial discretion to stop enforcing tax laws.
Assad	But Clinton defended her stance, and argued: “Nobody stood up to Assad and removed him and we have had a far greater disaster in Syria.”
she	In making those statements, Trump helped lay the foundation for Lewandowski to raise a “defense of others” argument, which allows someone to forcibly grab another person if he or she is somewhere prohibited and poses a potential threat.
GOP frontrunner Donald Trump	Republican Party Committee Chairman Reince Priebus is taking a swipe at GOP frontrunner Donald Trump over his complaints about the Colorado delegate-selection process.
front-runner Donald Trump	The result shows how Cruz’s superior organization has helped him as he tries to catch up with front-runner Donald Trump.
Cruz	At one of the Colorado district caucuses on Friday afternoon, the strength of Mr. Cruz’s organization was on full display.
Clinton	And it gave Bill Clinton another unforgettable “Sister Souljah Moment.”
Mr. Cruz	(Mr. Trump has maintained that Mr. Cruz “stole” Iowa with caucus-night shenanigans; his crowds are now conditioned to chant “Lyin’ Ted” — Mr. Trump’s favored nickname for his rival — when his name is invoked at rallies.)
Wisconsin	Bernie Sanders’ campaign accused Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton of “playing silly political games” with debate dates as both candidates readied their final appeals to Wisconsin voters ahead of Tuesday’s critical primary.
’m	I’m proud of the way we are raising money.”
’m	“Well, I’m not crazy about people disrupting meetings, but the fact of the matter is Secretary Clinton has taken significant sums of money from the fossil fuel industry,” Mr. Sanders of Vermont said on ABC’s “Good Morning America.”
Trump	“Trump has been able to disrupt the news pretty much any time he wants,” Silver wrote, “whether by being newsworthy, offensive, salacious or entertaining.
Donald Trump’s	“I fear we’re going to get blown out, and part of it is tactics, and part of it — quite frankly — is Donald Trump’s tweeting problems.”
Mr. Stone	“Mr. Stone is a man who has 50 years of dirty tricks behind him,” Mr. Cruz said.
Cruz	In the early stages of the Cruz campaign he made a point of graciously welcoming each new candidate as they announced.
his	After his arrest Friday, Abdeslam told authorities he had created a new network and was planning new attacks.
Democrats	Currently the top judge on the D.C. Circuit, Garland is widely admired by Democrats and Republicans alike, although he wasn't unanimously confirmed for his current post.
Florida	Bill Clinton campaigned relentlessly in Florida for President Obama in 2012.
Hillary Clinton	Tuesday night was an amazing night for Hillary Clinton, and not just because her wins in Florida and Ohio made Bernie Sanders's path to the nomination nearly impossible.
Rubio	Although Rubio was a favored candidate by many in the Republican establishment, the Florida senator called for a more principled “new political establishment” that wouldn’t tell young people to “wait their turn” to lead.
Florida	If she wins in Florida and North Carolina, Hillary will have won every Southern state.
Sanders	The next day in St. Louis, Clinton suggested that Sanders had been absent during her 1993 push for health-care reform.
Trump	“Well, first of all, we buried the hatchet," Carson said, referring to Trump’s accusation of Carson being a pathological liar who showed the same destructive tendencies as a child molester.
Mr. Sanders	The results in Michigan gave Mr. Sanders a big lifeline — and they may be somewhat encouraging to Mr. Trump’s principal challengers, too.
Sanders	As it stands now, Clinton has 1,221 delegates and Sanders 571.
Mitt Romney	Rubio sought a boost in Tuesday's contests from Mitt Romney, the 2012 GOP nominee.
Maine	Sanders rode to victory in Maine in part on a huge turnout — Sanders beat Clinton by a ratio of nearly 2-to-1.
Rubio	He didn't have one clear nemesis in every state — instead, voters rallied behind Cruz in some states, Rubio in others, and even Kasich in a couple.
Trump	Senator Ted Cruz scored decisive wins in the Kansas and Maine caucuses on Saturday, demonstrating his enduring appeal among conservatives as he tried to reel in Donald J. Trump’s significant lead in the Republican presidential race.
Texas	He said he’s leading Mr. Trump in polling in Texas and running “neck-and-neck” with him in the other Super Tuesday states.
John Kasich	John Kasich, is to at least cut into Trump’s margins on Super Tuesday,” said delegate-allocation expert Jim Ellis, who was a political adviser to then-House Majority Leader Tom DeLay.
South Carolina	Sanders can easily afford to do poorly in that long list of Southern states, but given Democrats' proportional allocation rules, he can't afford to do as poorly in Georgia, Alabama, Texas, Virginia, and Arkansas as he did in South Carolina.
Trump	> — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2016 "@conservativevin: @ahernandez85a Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama.
Trump	Marco Rubio, who has finished second in each of the last two nominating contests, acknowledged that Trump was ‘the frontrunner and I’m the underdog, but I’ve been an underdog my entire life.’
Rubio	To be sure, however, Rubio isn’t what most of us, Democrat or Republican, would call moderate.
Nevada	Donald Trump dominates in Nevada
Mr. Sanders	Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders were tied in the initial entrance-exit poll estimates; she ultimately won by around 5.5 points.
Pryor	Democrats didn’t like Pryor’s views on women’s issues and homosexuality.
the FBI	(Reuters) Flynn, a retired general, pleaded guilty on Friday to lying to the FBI about his talks with Kislyak on Trump’s behalf.
Rubio	For Rubio, winning the Republican nomination could be as easy as 3-2-1: Finish third in Iowa, second in New Hampshire and first in South Carolina, then keep the pedal to the metal all the way to Cleveland.
