Winner wrote that she had a 30-minute private meeting with the Republican lawmaker’s state policy director.
She also recently referred to President Trump as a “piece of shit” because of his position on the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) protests.
Hillary Clinton blamed the Democratic National Committee, Facebook, and conspiracy site Infowars Wednesday for her election defeat during an interview in which she pointed at a total of 18 alleged guilty parties for her big loss.
(RELATED: The 44 Most Damning Stories From WikiLeaks) During the same event, Clinton also attacked Facebook, Twitter bots, The New York Times, Steve Bannon, and the media in general.
Hillary Clinton takes "responsibility" for loss, but says others contributed
Clinton also looked to social media, saying sites like Facebook and Twitter have been "victimized by deliberate efforts to shape the conversation and push it towards conspiracies, lies, false information."
Trump's unhinged Twitter attacks, frequent off-the-cuff remarks, slurring and very peculiar drinking habits have led to some psychiatrists, mental-health experts and administration critics to call the president's mental stability into question, as the Salon video below notes.
Hillary Clinton continues to face fire for alleged pay-for-play schemes involving her work while secretary at the State Department and simultaneous affiliation with the Clinton Foundation, and for the curious Uranium One dealings with Russia she helped shape while serving under Barack Obama.
Trump accepted Dubke’s offer to stay while on his first overseas trip as president this month.
“The reasons for my departure are personal, but it has been my great honor to serve President Trump and this administration,” Dubke, 47, wrote in an email to friends, according to Politico.
President Donald Trump hurled more jabs at the "fake news media" Sunday morning, describing White House "leaks" as "fabricated lies" and saying stories with "sources say" make it "very possible" those "sources don't exist" and are made up by "fake news writers."
It was a familiar morning for Mr. Trump on his favored medium — and for a nation that had, for a little more than a week, gone without the president’s stream-of-consciousness missives.
But he seemed on Sunday to be as aggrieved as ever by what he considers unfair news coverage.
“The leaders did want to know what his time frame was, and [Mr. Trump] said, look, ‘This is something where I want to get to the right decision.
(Reuters/Mike Segar) Kushner “has been incredibly successful, in both business and now politics.
Aside from government innovation, Kushner has acted as a sort of “shadow secretary of state” in the Trump administration, a source told Politico in February.
“Mr. Kushner and we have been responsive to all requests.
Kushner married Ivanka Trump, the president’s eldest daughter, in October 2009 at the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J. Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, the president's daughter, married in 2009.
Harleen Kahlon was an experienced digital media maven when she was hired by Kushner in 2010 to boost the paper’s digital outreach.
“He would compensate his lack of knowledge by saying stuff like, ‘Let’s just blow up the whole concept of digital.’
During the campaign, Mr. Gianforte embraced Mr. Trump, who won the state by more than 20 percentage points in the November election.
His campaign tried to characterize Jacobs as the aggressor, and labeled him a “liberal journalist.”
He said he was approached by Jacobs, who asked questions about the Obamacare reform bill.
Gianforte said he first told Jacobs he’d talk to him later, and then told Jacobs to speak with his spokesman.
Jacobs: “You just body-slammed me and broke my glasses.”
Word is, Gianforte grabbed the guy, Ben Jacobs of the Guardian, with both hands by the neck and body slammed him to the ground, where he proceeded to jump atop him and pound him with fists.
These mixed messages are one reason a recent poll fell from 80 percent of Israelis who believed Trump was pro-Israel to 56 percent now.
Yet Evans believes Trump will keep his promise.
Navigating the tricky world of Middle East diplomacy is tough for even the most seasoned diplomats — and Trump is very emphatically not a seasoned diplomat.
During the presidential campaign, Trump repeatedly criticized Hillary Clinton for her ties to Saudi Arabia, noting that the Clinton Foundation had received hefty sums from Saudi donors and encouraging Clinton to return the money.
The next day, Trump will meet with leaders of the Gulf Cooperation Council, McMaster said.
In addition, Roger was a great patriot who never ceased fighting for his beliefs."
"A brilliant broadcaster, Roger played a huge role in shaping America's media over the last 30 years.
He will be remembered by the many people on both sides of the camera he discovered, nurtured and promoted."
"At 21st Century Fox we will always be enormously grateful for the great business he built.
He founded Fox News in 1996 and built it into the nation's long-running No.
He wasn't perfect, but Roger Ailes was my friend & I loved him.
He later worked on Vice President George H.W. Bush’s presidential campaign.
Not sure I would have been President w/o his great talent, loyal help.
“Special Counsel Mueller will have all appropriate resources to conduct a thorough and complete investigation,” Rosenstein said in the DOJ announcement.
That's why the announcement by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein came as a surprise to so many people — including the White House, which was reportedly given just 30 minutes’ warning before the announcement went public.
Yates: 'Flynn Was Compromised With Respect to the Russians'
She said she did know Flynn had shared untrue information because of phone calls intercepted by the Obama administration.
WASHINGTON – Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates testified Monday before a Senate subcommittee about her efforts to warn the Trump administration of misinformation put forth by former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn.
Sally Yates speaks — and the strange tale of Michael Flynn begins to unwind a little
But one cannot help but wonder if Trump's lawyers might have reminded him that Flynn is shopping for an immunity deal and treating him disrespectfully might just loosen his tongue about things the president might not want him to say.
But his margin for error on Obamacare is razor-thin; Republicans can afford no more than two defections, meaning that some combination of staunch conservatives like Paul, Cruz, and Lee will have to endorse the same bill as Collins, Murkowski, and Heller, who is up for reelection in 2018 in a state Hillary Clinton carried in November.
Winfrey then referenced Recy Taylor, a black woman who was abducted in 1944 in Alabama and raped by six men.
Winfrey concluded, as the audience gave her a standing ovation.
'Oprah 2020': Winfrey's longtime boyfriend says star 'would absolutely' run for president
Oprah Winfrey and partner Stedman Graham arrive at the 2015 Vanity Fair Oscar Party in Beverly Hills, California February 22, 2015.
White House senior policy adviser Stephen Miller ripped into former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon and the credibility of the the now-released tell-all book, Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House, noting Bannon sounds like an “angry, vindictive person” in the book.
Handel was the top GOP vote-getter at 20 percent, finishing comfortably ahead of technology executive Bob Gray, who received 11 percent of the vote, and former State Senators Judson Hill and Dan Moody, who each received 9 percent of the vote.
Appearing on CNN, Ossoff admitted that he doesn't live in the 6th district as the lives with his girlfriend of 12 years (!) while she goes to medical school at Emory.
Here are the top 10 anti-Trump shifts, with Georgia's 6th at No.
Trump's ability to bring new white, working-class voters into the GOP fold actually allowed him to compete and win in more territory than Republicans are accustomed to (think Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin).
Trump Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller on Wolff book: "The book is best understood as a work of very poorly written fiction
[Inside the manhunt for Facebook murder suspect Steve Stephens] Pennsylvania State Police said they chased him from the McDonald’s for about two miles, finally ramming his car.
By comparing the responses between the two groups, Gervais and Najle could then estimate how many people don’t believe in God.
(Overall, kudos to Gervais and Najle for being forthright about their curious finding.
Presented with this incriminating evidence, Blair confessed to being a Christian, but was quick to aver that he was a private one and thus not liable to be consigned to a mental hospital.
Yet for Christians, the humanity of Holy Week makes our faith overlap with the world around us, just as after years of instructing his followers to stay quiet (at least in Mark) Jesus made his triumphant entrance into Jerusalem.
Sean Spicer Under Fire After Falsely Claims Nazis Never Used Poison Gas
Hours later, Spicer apologized, although he made a number of mistakes during his apology, including mispronouncing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s name.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer: “You look, we didn’t use chemical weapons in World War II. You know, you had a—you know, someone as despicable as Hitler, who didn’t even sink to the—to using chemical weapons.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday he “let the president down” comparing Adolf Hitler to Syrian leader Bashar Assad and Mr. Assad’s actions against his people.
Mr. Spicer also downplayed reports of a growing feud between Steve Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, and other members of the Trump administration.
“In that regard, we are hopeful that we can work with Russia and use their influence to achieve areas of stabilization throughout Syria and create the conditions for a political process through Geneva in which we can engage all of the parties on the way forward, and it is through that political process that we believe the Syrian people will lawfully be able to decide the fate of Bashar al-Assad,” he added.
“This idea that we’re going to get rid of ISIS and then we’ll hopefully use Assad and others to come up with a solution, it’s not going to work,” Rubio said.
He is a graduate of Columbia, Harvard and Oxford, served as a Supreme Court law clerk and worked as a lawyer at a prestigious Washington law firm and at the Justice Department.
But neither side harbored any doubts, based on the judge’s opinions, other writings and the president who nominated him, that Judge Gorsuch would be a reliable conservative committed to following the original understanding of those who drafted and ratified the Constitution.
Four reasons why Neil Gorsuch may be even better on the Supreme Court than Antonin Scalia
Justice Gorsuch—like Justice Scalia before him—rejects the “living document” view.
Here are four reasons why American citizens—especially Evangelical conservatives—should consider Gorsuch’s confirmation a great victory and why he might be better even than Scalia, whose place on the bench he would take.
He will defend religious liberty.
This man doesn’t mind supporting Saudi Arabia, the world’s most embarrassing country, in its slaughter of Yemen.
In Lebanon, thank you to Yazan al-Saadi, Syrian-Canadian writer in Beirut; Alia Malek, here in New York, author of The Home That Was Our Country: A Memoir of Syria; Phyllis Bennis, fellow at the Institute for Policy Studies; and Medea Benjamin, co-founder of CodePink.
I also reached out to Sarah Binder, a professor of political science at George Washington University.
Here is his floor speech running through the series of events and actions that led the Senate to this point.
He correctly lays the blame squarely on the shoulders of Democrats and announces his backing of the nuclear 'Reid Rule' in retaliation: Before the deed is done, I'll leave you with one final insulting lie from Chuck Schumer, whose party has acted in bad faith on these questions for many years: Schumer: My colleagues came into this with an open mind about confirming Gorsuch.
“Devin Nunes has earned my trust over many years for his integrity and dedication to the critical work that the intelligence community does to keep America safe.
The Susan Rice situation is murky, but one thing that’s crystal clear is that she’s changing her story.
Anchor Don Lemon told viewers “we will not insult your intelligence” by suggesting the Trump team was spied on illegally, “nor will we aid and abet the people who are trying to misinform you, the American people, by creating a diversion.”
When Rice was asked about this by PBS’s Judy Woodruff a couple of weeks ago, the former national security adviser said she knew nothing about it and was just learning about it from news reports.
Now, conservatives are accusing Rice of actively undermining him — by misusing her authority to sabotage Flynn, who was out of the job in less than a month.
Rand Paul called for Rice to testify under oath, speculating that Obama might have ordered her to unmask Trump officials for unspecified nefarious purposes.
So who’s right — Trump and his allies, or Rice?
In March, for example, former Obama aide Evelyn Farkas said in an MSNBC interview that team Obama attempted to preserve as much information on Trump-Russia ties as they could before leaving office, as they were worried Trump would delete them.
The Rice reports sound even more troubling than the Farkas stuff — Obama officials manipulating classified information!
Jeff Merkley (D-OR) headed to the Senate floor to start talking about why he was opposed to the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court "for as long as I am able."
He has enough stamina, and enough material, that he's still going strong more than 13 hours later.
McConnell: We Have the Votes to Bust Filibuster on Gorsuch for Supreme Court
Gorsuch now counts 55 supporters in the Senate: the 52 Republicans including McConnell, along with three moderate Democrats from states that President Donald Trump won last November — Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Joe Donnelly of Indiana.
Russia’s international news agency RIA Novosti reports the Russian President Vladimir Putin has been alerted to the explosion, which the agency calls an “attack”.
He said it was “too early to say” what caused the blast but that it could be “criminal or terrorist”.
McConnell said Sunday that Gorsuch “deserves to be confirmed” and “will ultimately be confirmed.”
Some argue that Flynn's discussion of sanctions with Sergey Kislyak before Trump's inauguration may have broken an old law that prohibits unauthorized citizens from negotiating with foreign powers in disputes with the United States.
More from the Journal: It wasn’t clear if Mr. Flynn had offered to talk about specific aspects of his time working for Mr. Trump, but the fact that he was seeking immunity suggested Mr. Flynn feels he may be in legal jeopardy following his brief stint as the national security adviser, one official said… Mr. Flynn’s communications with the Russian ambassador, Sergei Kislyak, have been scrutinized by the FBI, which is examining whether Trump campaign personnel colluded with Russian officials who are alleged to have interfered with the presidential election, according to current and former U.S. officials.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer called on House Speaker Paul Ryan to replace Nunes after news broke that the California House Republican visited the White House to view sensitive material related to Obama era surveillance of the Trump transition team one day before he discussed the topic with reporters last week.
Nunes, whose committee is investigating Russia’s interference in the 2016 presidential election, told reporters last Wednesday that he had information that showed Trump and his aides may have been swept up in surveillance of foreign government officials by US spy agencies.
He was criticized for taking the unusual step of bypassing members of his House committee before briefing Trump on the information and for the timing of the announcement.
Nunes met the source on White House grounds in order to view sensitive information in a “secure location,” Jack Langer, Nunes’ communications director, said Monday in a statement, CNN first reported.
We’ve got a very, very bold and robust agenda, and the president promised to the American people we’re going to roll on,” he said.
Former prosecutor Jeanine Pirro opened her Fox News show Saturday by calling for Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) to step down as Speaker of the House — hours after President Donald Trump posted a tweet telling his followers to tune in.
May underscored that the attack targeted "free people everywhere," and she said she had a response: "You will not defeat us."
He had a range of previous convictions for assaults, including grievous bodily harm, possession of offensive weapons and public order offenses dating from November 1983 to December 2003, police said.
"He had something in his hand, it looked like a stick of some sort, and he was challenged by a couple of policemen in yellow jackets," Letts told the BBC.
“Let’s have open debates, not threats,” he tweeted.
Some even thought MSNBC host Rachel Maddow’s apparent scoop on Trump’s leaked 2005 tax return made him look good.
Donald Trump Jr. seized on the report minutes after the show ended, tweeting, “Thank you Rachel Maddow for proving to your #Trump hating followers how successful @realDonaldTrump is $ that he paid $44mm in taxes!”
The "Legal Insurrection" website mocked Maddow with the headline "Rachel Maddow's career committed suicide live on national TV tonight."
John McCain to either provide evidence of President Trump’s wiretapping claims or retract the allegation, saying the White House will wait until congressional committees release their own findings.
On NBC’s “Today,” Conway repeatedly tried to move away from the subject, when asked why Trump continues to make unfounded claims and spread conspiracy theories, such as his infamous suggestion that Obama was not born in the United States.
Now-fired Preet Bharara boasts of 'absolute independence'
Several hours later, it was learned President Donald Trump had reached out through a secretary on his staff to Bharara on Thursday but the two men never spoke.
Bharara is charged with overseeing prosecutions against Wall Street and has brought down multiple high profile New York elected officials on corruption charges while in office.
And it is no secret that the senator wanted him to remain in his post as U.S. Attorney during the Trump administration.
When Trump announced in November that Bharara would, in fact, be kept on, it was not clear if he did so at Schumer’s behest or as a show of good will to the Minority Leader.
This article has been updated with new details, additional comment from Bharara and Schumer.
I see why he was fired (1/2) pic.twitter.com/A4vIpUCX8R CNN’s Jake Tapper reported that Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente had called Bharara Saturday to dismiss him.
Thus the beat in the February report, according to Cohn, is on the back of the recovery from the past eight years under President Barack Obama.
Oh, O.K., makes sense Were you worried that Trump, or someone on Team Trump, wouldn’t address the fact that, while running for president, he claimed the unemployment rate was “phony” and not to be trusted and something like almost half the country was out of work, but now we can apparently believe it?
The question is, if the economy does slow, whether Mr. Trump will accept the legitimacy of weak reports as enthusiastically as he does good ones.
“Trump inherited an economy from Barack Obama with the longest streak of private sector job growth in history,” he said in a statement.
“There’s nothing that I have been told by him that would leave me to believe that anything is different than it was prior,” Mr. Spicer said.
Senator Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said he had “never seen anything so outlandish, outrageous or incomprehensible” as Mr. Trump’s claims.
And Mr. Spicer provided little evidence to back up Mr. Trump’s claim about Mr. Obama.
If he lied back then, why couldn’t he be lying today?
Secondly, Mr. Obama has ordered surveillance against American citizens.
Mr. French argues, “The notion that Obama would never have an American subject to surveillance is absurd.”
Referencing Trump's description of Obama as a "bad (or sick) guy," Schiff said, "If there is something bad or sick going on, it is the willingness of the nation's chief executive to make the most outlandish and destructive claims without providing a scintilla of evidence to support them.
The Breitbart story, published Friday, has been circulating among Trump's senior staff, according to a White House official who described it as a useful catalogue of the Obama administration's activities.
Trump leveled the charges in a flurry of tweets shortly after dawn, amid an avalanche of recent revelations about communications between Russian officials and some of his senior aides, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Obama wasn't the only target of Trump's Twitter ire on Saturday morning.
He then appeared to discount the claim that he was a Trump-campaign “surrogate.”
It seems apparent that he was distancing himself from Franken’s insinuation about Trump surrogates colluding with Russians.
But if we consider this matter not as a political dispute but a potential perjury prosecution, then the burden was on Franken, not Sessions, to be clearer.
In those circumstances, it was up to Franken to clarify matters, by asking a follow-up along the lines of, “To be clear, I am asking you whether you’ve had any contact whatsoever with Russian officials during the campaign, whether as a Trump surrogate, in your capacity as a U.S. senator, or under any other circumstances.”
Mr. Sessions is the latest administration official to be caught between his words and the truth on Russia.
Mr. Sessions’s recusal is only a first necessary step.
Stocky, smart and soft-spoken with a sense of humor, General McMaster, for all his war-making experience, has little background in navigating Washington politics, which could be a challenge for him in his new role with a fractious national security team to corral.
Springare, who was briefly investigated for possible hate crime incitement based on his post, managed to elucidate what Trump only hinted at during a Florida campaign speech – somewhat opaquely.
“For better or worse,” Horowitz said that Trump sometimes speaks “in shorthand hyperbole”.
Horowitz said that “the Swedish response” suggests “they are incapable or unwilling to see the reality of what is happening in their own country.”
An entire chapter is dedicated to this uranium deal in Peter Schweizer’s “Clinton Cash.”
In the book, Schweizer reveals ties between the Clinton Foundation and investors who stood to gain from a deal that required State Department approval.
“Nobody mentions that Hillary received the questions to the debates.”
That’s why, despite his argument that the press treated Flynn unfairly, Trump fired him.
“There’s nothing that would conclude me that anything different has changed with respect to that time period,” Spicer said. .@PressSec Sean Spicer tells @jonkarl nobody on the Trump campaign had contact with Russia before the election https://t.co/LBw3Bd5Htk pic.twitter.com/S9H8fgFA2j But on Tuesday night, multiple news outlets reported that U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies had obtained phone records and intercepted calls that showed Trump associates and campaign aides repeatedly talking to Russian officials in the year before the election.
Donald Trump: ‘Russian connection non-sense’ is cover for Clinton’s ‘many mistakes’
Among those supposedly communicating with Russian nationals was former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, the report said.
A Trump administration official “stressed that Pence made his comments based on his conversation with Flynn,” The Post report said.
“Either General Flynn lied to the administration or the administration lied to the American people,” said Mr. Engel, New York Democrat.
Flynn is a longtime Trump partisan, and Trump values loyalty greatly.
He's been losing so....
Donald Trump: John McCain ‘should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission’
Only emboldens the enemy!” the president tweeted Thursday.
They worried that Mr. Sessions wouldn’t be strong enough in enforcing civil rights laws and that he would be too zealous in following immigration laws.
The veteran Alabama senator had been rejected for a federal judgeship more than three decades ago over accusations of racism as a prosecutor, which was an immediate focus in his latest confirmation fight.
Manchin, who threw Sessions a thumbs-up on Wednesday night as he headed to place his vote, added that he was confident that when he addressed his constituents, “I can explain my relationship with Jeff Sessions and I’m proud to vote for him.”
In a letter at the time of Mr. Sessions’ earlier nomination, King had accused him of “a shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters.”
Jeff Sessions, one of her colleagues and Mr. Trump’s nominee to head the Justice Department.
"Mrs. King's views and words ring true today," Warren said.
Congress By ELANA SCHOR and BURGESS EVERETT “Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens in the district he now seeks to serve as a federal judge,” King wrote in her letter back then, which Warren read on the Senate floor Tuesday night.
Give them credit for this one: Democrats have fought hard to stop Betsy DeVos, Donald Trump’s blazingly unqualified pick for education secretary.
Tim Kaine cited the moment, during her hearing, when he asked DeVos if she would hold all schools that receive any taxpayer funding equally accountable, be they public, private, or charter, and she dodged the question repeatedly: "But if you hold public schools accountable while you’re taking some of their money away and you give that money to private schools, and you don’t hold them accountable, you’re not promoting fair competition," he said.
The last Post-ABC tracking poll had Hillary Clinton up by 3 points.
“He should be scared that people aren’t going to stand for this.”
Trump in the interview also touched on voter fraud and how it is "a really bad situation."
When O’Reilly fired back, calling Putin a killer, Trump responded, "There are a lot of killers.
Bill O'Reilly Calls Vladimir Putin A 'Killer', Donald Trump Says Americans Are Just As Bad
Speaking to Bill O’Reilly, Trump shrugged off the anchor’s characterization of Putin as a “killer,” noting that Americans are just as bad.
Trump told Australian leader Malcolm Turnbull that the conversation was “the worst call by far” among talks with various world leaders that day and he ended the scheduled hour-long conversation after just 25 minutes, according to the Washington Post.
Mr. Turnbull, speaking Thursday at a press briefing in Australia’s southern state of Victoria, refused to comment at length on the telephone call, or say whether it had ended sooner than expected.
Why Liberals Should Back Neil Gorsuch
I have no doubt that if confirmed, Judge Gorsuch would help to restore confidence in the rule of law.
I am hard-pressed to think of one thing President Trump has done right in the last 11 days since his inauguration.
He seeks power, and he cares not for process.
I myself have been deeply concerned with Trump’s authoritarian impulses — including his expressed disrespect for the First Amendment, due process, and private property.
The night began when Trump, in a short White House speech, nominated Judge Gorsuch from the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver to the court.
Gorsuch, despite a reportedly mild-mannered temperament, is known for his anti-choice and anti-LGBT stances, pro-employer rulings in labor disputes, anti-regulatory attitudes, dismissal of scientific expertise, and pro-police bias in brutality cases, according to statements from public interest groups issued after the announcement.
Democrats, meanwhile, hailed Ms. Yates as a principled defender of what she thought was right.
The quick firing of Yates, as Trump brings his "Apprentice" skills to the White House with the most serious of matters, offers a powerful reminder to Democrats of why these appointments matter so much and the dangers that come from the passive approach we have seen thus far.
Human rights, civil rights, and civil liberties supporters were bolstered by her defiance.
It was foolish of President Trump to leave officials such as Acting Attorney General Yates in place.
Yates never should have been in the position to undertake her grandstanding in the first place — but at least that particular error has now been corrected.
That is why President Trump was right to fire Acting Attorney General Sally Yates.
Peña Nieto and other Mexican officials repeatedly condemned the idea of a border wall — one of Trump's signature promises and a rallying cry for his supporters — during last year's U.S. presidential campaign.
The Mexican leader is under intense political pressure to figure out how to handle Mr. Trump.
Marco Rubio, R-Fla., is publicly criticizing the same tax reform bill that he voted for.
WASHINGTON \-- President Donald Trump is set to meet with congressional leaders from both parties to discuss his agenda, as he enters his first official week in the White House and works to begin delivering on his ambitious campaign promises.
> Sean Spicer is the new Baghdad Bob.
On Saturday, President Donald Trump’s first full day in office, he gave a speech at CIA headquarters in which he lied about the size of the crowd at his inauguration and falsely claimed that he had never feuded with the U.S. intelligence community.
Perdue, 70, served on Trump's agricultural advisory committee during his presidential campaign.
His nomination, which must be confirmed by the Republican-led Senate, will complete Trump's proposed cabinet just two days before he is sworn in as president on Friday.
Obama did the second, but it didn’t go in the way reformers would like — it’s resulted in thousands of rejections.
Manning was known as Bradley Manning at the time of her 2010 arrest, but revealed after being convicted of espionage that she identifies as a woman.
WILL WIKILEAKS’ JULIAN ASSANGE MAKE GOOD ON HIS OFFER TO TURN HIMSELF IN AFTER MANNING CLEMENCY?
“Chelsea Manning’s treachery put American lives at risk and exposed some of our nation’s most sensitive secrets.
“My hope would be that the president-elect will reach out to someone as consequential and who is such a leader as John Lewis — who has done so much in the course of his life — to try to work this out,” Mr. McDonough said on CNN’s “State of the Union.”
“None of us actually want to be considered to be racially insensitive, and so it’s a very, very important subject, but I think we shouldn’t ignore that people are partisan,” said Mr. Paul.
Mr. Neal added that while other presidents, like Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton, may have imposed policies that hurt black communities, they were more sensitive to issues of race.
“Try getting a 3- or 4-year-old today to sit for 12 minutes,” he added, referring to the show’s 12-minute tiger act.
Juliette Feld says the company will continue operating the Center for Elephant Conservation.
"There isn't any one thing," said Kenneth Feld, chairman and CEO of Feld Entertainment.
“We will continue on the path of reform, because that is the path of progress,” he said.
Mr. Sessions has vehemently denied making racially insensitive statements or holding racist views.
I have witnessed it,” Mr. Sessions plans to tell the Senate Judiciary Committee, according to his prepared opening remarks.
As Tanner puts it, Sessions “has a record that ought to worry believers in small government and individual liberty.”
Mr. Trump, as he has done many times before, grew heated in the interview as he flatly denied that he had intended to make fun of the Times reporter, Serge F. Kovaleski.
[ Read Meryl Streep’s Golden Globes speech ] The Globes were the last high-profile Hollywood event before Mr. Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20, a transfer of power that many in the entertainment industry have bemoaned.
Top aide to Donald Trump Kellyanne Conway told "Fox and Friends" Monday she's "concerned that somebody with a platform like Meryl Streep's is inciting people's worst instincts."
Her comments were met with applause, tears and support by her fellow actors in the audience, and actor Chris Pine called her speech the "best message of tonight."
Shortly after the 74th annual Golden Globes wrapped, where "La La Land" and "Moonlight" were the night’s big winners, Trump told the NY Times he had not seen the show or Streep's remarks.
Conway noted the races of those involved, four African-American suspects and a white victim, and said that if Streep is truly concerned about the disabled community, she should speak out about the incident in Chicago.
“At this point, it looks like he acted alone,” Sheriff Israel said, adding it was too early to speculate on the gunman’s motive for carrying out the shooting.
Santiago’s weapon was logged “for safekeeping,” Tolley said.
A day after the shooting, agents had interviewed more than 100 people, including Santiago, who surrendered after firing all of his ammunition by dropping onto the floor, spread-eagle, near a baggage area when a sheriff’s deputy approached him, according to an FBI affidavit.
Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper testified to Congress Thursday he’s confident Russia was behind the campaign season hacks of Democratic officials, but Mr. Trump has consistently been skeptical of Russian involvement.
Mr. Trump claimed on New Year’s Eve that he had information no one else had on Russian hacking and that he would reveal it publicly this week, but he has not yet followed through on that statement.
In new tweets early Thursday, Trump backed away from Assange somewhat.
He blamed the "dishonest media" for portraying him as agreeing with Assange.
Clapper: Trump rhetoric on intel agencies alarming U.S. allies
Perhaps sensitive to the public perception, Trump on Thursday tried to walk back his previous online comments.
Even Director of National Intelligence James Clapper seemed to implicitly rebuke Trump's ongoing refusal to believe the government's assessment that senior Moscow officials orchestrated a cyber campaign that roiled the Democratic Party in last year's election.
Putin, it seems, is willing simply to wait until Trump moves into the Oval Office.
“This will not deter Putin from interfering in French or German elections in 2017.”
Mr. Putin condemned the new round of sanctions President Obama imposed against Russia for allegedly using computer hacking to interfere with the U.S. presidential election.
In a statement, the German foreign minister, Frank-Walter Steinmeier, praised Mr. Kerry’s speech as a “passionate and deeply convincing” defense of “the only credible way” to solve the issue: a two-state solution.
Obama came into office with one foreign-policy lodestar – Not George Bush – and has stuck with it mulishly no matter how much the facts on the ground demanded flexibility.
And so, when Syrian strongman Bashar al-Assad massacred up to 400,000 people by dropping barrel bombs on civilian neighborhoods, shelling hospitals, and imposing sieges of cities to starve out the inhabitants, the Obama administration stood very, very idly by.
The Sun newspaper said on Tuesday that British government officials had urged Harry not to invite the Obamas to his wedding for fear of angering Trump.
“All of us in leadership have to find ways in which we can recreate a common space on the Internet,” Obama said in an interview conducted by Britain’s Prince Harry, broadcast on BBC radio on Wednesday.
"All of us in leadership have to find ways in which we can recreate a common space on the internet," said Obama, warning of a "Balkanization" of society.
Even reserved seating, which Priebus incorrectly asserted wasn’t an issue until the Obama administration took over, could get reshaped.
“In Congress, he has been a conservative reformer from day one, proposing solutions to fix the budget process and our regulatory system.”
“At OMB, he will lead the work he has started to improve the way government does the people’s business,” he added.
“Mick Mulvaney is the absolute right choice,” said House Speaker Paul D. Ryan.
The debate over motivation, he said “does not in any way, I think, detract from the basic point that everyone during the election perceived accurately – that in fact what the Russian hack had done was create more problems for the Clinton campaign than it had for the Trump campaign”.
He wants to discredit American democracy and make us weaker in terms of leading the liberal democratic order.
U.S. intelligence officials now believe with "a high level of confidence" that Russian President Vladimir Putin became personally involved in the covert Russian campaign to interfere in the U.S. presidential election, senior U.S. intelligence officials told NBC News.
Their request: Ms. Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard chief executive, emerged from a meeting with the president-elect at Trump Tower on Monday to talk tough, not on Russia but on China, which she called “our most important adversary and a rising adversary.”
And Ms. Fiorina, once a bitter foe of Mr. Trump’s, was effusive.
Mr. McCain withdrew his endorsement in October when an 11-year-old videotape surfaced in which Mr. Trump was caught on a hot mic using vulgar language about women.
But he said Mr. Trump’s comments indicate a lack of appreciation for the threat posed by Mr. Putin.
Tillerson may be a friend of Putin’s, but he’s no friend of the planet.
So far, McCain is the first Republican senator to raise objections to Tillerson, and if just three more joined him and a united Democratic front, Tillerson’s nomination could be blocked.
We have — I think, I can say at least for myself, I can't speak for him, but we have a really good chemistry together.
On Wednesday, Mr. Panetta endorsed General Kelly, calling him an “excellent choice” and urging the Senate to confirm him.
TRUMP SAYS HE'LL NOMINATE RETIRED MARINE GEN.
MATTIS AS SECRETARY OF DEFENSE Carson ran against Trump during the Republican primary battle.
But after he dropped out of the White House race in March, the subdued doctor quickly endorsed the boisterous businessman and became one of Trump’s most visible surrogates.
“After serious discussions with the Trump transition team, I feel that I can make a significant contribution particularly to making our inner cities great for everyone,” Carson wrote.
His admirers praise his rags-to-riches success story.
But his critics say a career in medicine is not the right training for someone running a vast federal housing bureaucracy.
“Our motivation is completely different, but,” he added, “we haven’t been contacted by anybody in the Trump administration.”
"So many hundreds and hundreds of companies are doing this," Trump said.
Pelosi has led House Democrats since 2003, and that’s what Ryan had argued is the problem.
Channeling the anxiety over the electoral setbacks, Mr. Ryan came closer than anyone else to stripping Mrs. Pelosi of her leadership title.
As chief of the Commerce Department, Ross will oversee the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and other components.
He has a home in Palm Beach, Fla., where Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate is located.
In 1995, Ross, then a Democratic fundraiser, married New York Lt.
The 53-year-old Mnuchin was in May appointed Trump's campaign finance chairman.
That confidence and loyalty appear to be what clinched the role for Mr. Mnuchin.
On the surface, all of that may make Mr. Mnuchin an outsider of sorts.
“She has an amazing life story and has helped countless Americans in her public service career.
Chao was part of a Bush Alumni Coalition that helped elect Trump, releasing a public letter in support of the Republican nominee in September.
“She’s an outstanding choice.
Gay rights groups have also been critical of Mr. Price.
And when reports surfaced about Mr. Giuliani’s foreign business entanglements and highly compensated speechmaking, Mr. Trump grew even warier.
For those disappointed by the presidential outcome, much of the anxiety stemmed from concerns that relatives who supported Donald J. Trump might gloat about his victory.
Her relationship with Trump has been contentious: In January, Haley delivered the Republican response to President Obama's final State of the Union address, and, without mentioning Trump by name, appeared to criticize him and his candidacy: “During anxious times, it can be tempting to follow the siren call of the angriest voices.”
— Nikki Haley (@nikkihaley) March 1, 2016 As it became clear Trump would win the primary, Haley's name was floated as a potential vice-presidential candidate.
She's also the first Indian American to serve as the state's governor (and only the second in the United States, after Louisiana's Bobby Jindal.) At 44, she's the youngest current governor.
“The meeting is taking place as planned,” Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said in a text message, according to a pool report.
Eileen Murphy, a spokeswoman for the paper, confirmed that Mr. Trump’s staff told them the meeting was on again.
Not nice,” Mr. Trump tweeted Tuesday.
The paper disputed this, saying it had always been pushing for an on-the-record session but that Mr. Trump’s team wanted it to be a private meeting.
“Actually,” the president-elect added, “somebody said to me on that, they said, ‘You know, it’s a great idea softening up those laws, but you may get sued a lot more.’
“The Times is a great, great American jewel,” Mr. Trump declared as he prepared to leave the gathering in the newspaper’s 16th-floor boardroom, where portraits of former presidents adorn the walls.
Only a day earlier, Mr. Trump assailed the nation’s most prominent television news anchors and producers in a tense meeting at Trump Tower.
Trump spent the entire campaign reducing people to one identity and then generalizing.
When Trump talked about African-Americans he always talked about inner-city poverty, as if that was the sum total of the black experience in America.
Hillary Clinton was at her best and most uplifting when she spoke about American interests in world affairs and how they relate to our understanding of democracy.
But when it came to life at home, she tended on the campaign trail to lose that large vision and slip into the rhetoric of diversity, calling out explicitly to African-American, Latino, L.G.B.T. and women voters at every stop.
Ronald Reagan did that very skillfully, whatever one may think of his vision.
McManus identified the San Antonio detective killed Sunday as Benjamin Marconi, 50, a 20-year veteran of the force.
The 46-year-old officer, who was not named, is a married father of three and, like Marconi, a 20-year veteran of the force.
Trump Picks Jeff Sessions, Senator Accused Of Racism, For Attorney General
Trump said in a statement on Friday that Sessions was a “world-class legal mind and considered a truly great Attorney General and U.S. Attorney in the state of Alabama.”
Flynn has also worried some national security experts with his warmth toward Russia.
In her remarks, Yellen said the Fed, “continues to expect that the evolution of the economy will warrant only gradual increases in the federal funds rate over time” in order to reach full employment and not overshoot on inflation.
– Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said Thursday that an interest rate increase likely will be appropriate “relatively soon” as long as there is further evidence of progress in the economy.
He said he was proud of the work his team had done to produce policy and personnel guidance “on the complex national security challenges facing our great country”.
"People didn't vote for Trump so that he could bring a white supremacist into the White House," Sen.
And there are reports Trump is considering Sen.
At the very least, the next G7 meeting scheduled for May in Sicily is going to look very different from the one Obama attended in Japan this past spring.
Without mentioning Trump by name, Obama told Greek President Prokopis Pavlopoulos that a strong NATO is of “utmost importance” and would provide “significant continuity even as we see a transition in government in the United States.”
Now I will have them both with me in the White House as we work to make America great again," Trump said.
"We will have that same partnership in working to help President-elect Trump achieve his agenda," Bannon said.
The Trump transition team reported that “President-elect Trump noted to President Putin that he is very much looking forward to having a strong and enduring relationship with Russia and the people of Russia.”
While Mr. Trump said he hoped to have a constructive relationship with Russia, he insisted during one of his debates with Hillary Clinton that he was “no puppet” of Mr. Putin.
Andrew Jackson was, until last Tuesday, the only person elected president who was defined by his anger.
Looking across individual national polls, the average difference from the final Clinton-Trump vote margin is 2.2 percentage points, much smaller than the level of error apparent when they were compared to preliminary vote results (3.4 points).
“I hope those pollsters enlist teams of experts to work with them to try to figure out what happened,” said Krosnick, suggesting such teams stitch together large numbers to make estimates of small geographic areas that can be compared to election returns.
Zeroing in on the Clinton-Trump race, the near unanimity of the print and broadcasting media in their rejection and derogation of Donald Trump could have roused EA and resulting disingenuousness.
It was the ten-year-old Access Hollywood video which caught Trump seeming to brag about his sexual prowess and irresistibility.
Donald Trump, defying the pundits and polls to the end, defeated Hillary Clinton in Tuesday’s presidential election and claimed an establishment-stunning victory that exposes the depth of voter dissatisfaction – and signals immense changes ahead for American policy at home and abroad.
And the WikiLeaks release of emails hacked from Podesta’s account became a constant distraction for the campaign, as the messages revealed infighting, internal concerns about the Clinton family’s foundation and even evidence that the now-head of the Democratic National Committee leaked town hall questions to Clinton during the primaries.
With her defeat, Clinton falls short in her second bid to become the first female president of the United States.
With both Clinton and Sanders near the ends of their career, it is unclear what the future Democratic Party will look like or who will lead it.
Domestically, Trump is expected to cut closer to standard Republican fare, though his plain lack of interest in policy details makes it more difficult to predict.
That she was reckless and careless in her handling of information…the reason that so many Americans have a problem with Hillary Clinton’s honesty and trustworthiness and veracity does not change,” Conway said.
While Mr. Ryan has generally steered clear of the Trump campaign in recent weeks, he recently acknowledged that he had voted for Mr. Trump along with all of the other Republicans on the ballot.
Obama's 2008 Florida campaign director Steve Schale told Obama recently that Clinton would win the state based on early voting, the state's voter diversity, and the high number of women voters.
SEE ALSO: Bernie Sanders still getting Ohio voters who decry both Clinton and Trump “Jim Comey can redeem himself in history.
But Trump holds a sizable 53-28 percent advantage among voters who say they don't lean toward either party, a group that accounts for about 10 percent of likely voters.
The professional considerations that may have motivated Comey are obvious.
Comey, a Republican, faced considerable criticism and scrutiny from congressional Republicans for declining to press charges against Clinton for her handling of classified emails on a private email server.
If you want to talk about violating protocol, he has provided a roadmap,” he said.
“My view is that there should be an investigation” into Comey’s behavior, she added.
Reopening Email Investigation Stain on Clinton AND Comey
“The stunning revelation in Comey’s letter to various Congressional committees today reveals that the Bureau’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private, unsecured, unencrypted server in her home to conduct government business was not thorough,” diGenova told The American Spectator on Friday.
The director, in a damned-if-I-do-damned-if-I-don’t position this summer in opening up the bureau to charges of politicizing the apolitical FBI whether he recommended an indictment of not, now, less than two weeks before an election, puts himself and the bureau in a far more precarious spot.
“Now, because of his cynical use of his power originally to be a ‘hero’ he must either end the new probe quickly and be criticized for that or let it [continue] beyond the election and be criticized for that,” diGenova notes.
“It is all a disaster of his own making.”
Like the publication of private emails from Clinton’s closest aides through WikiLeaks, the discovery of the former secretary’s emails on Anthony Weiner’s computer suggests that shielding public business on a private server left State Department less protected than its secretary.
Hillary Clinton, her campaign torpedoed Friday by newly uncovered emails that may relate to her mishandling of classified information on her private server, said FBI Director James Comey owes voters the "full and complete facts immediately" – urging him, "Let's get it out."
The FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s secret emails, Director James Comey told Congress in a new letter Friday, heightening the stakes for the Democratic presidential nominee with less than two weeks before Election Day.
For her part Mrs. Clinton, campaigning in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, did not address the issue, instead sticking doggedly to her stump speech of attacks on Mr. Trump mixed with a plea to voters to focus on issues.
Mr. Trump has fallen behind Mrs. Clinton in most national polls and in many key states.
The announcement, less than two weeks before the election, left Mrs. Clinton’s team furious and scrambling for explanations while bolstering the spirits of Donald J. Trump after a wave of controversies and Republican defections had led many to write him off.
“We are calling on the F.B.I. to release all the information that it has,” Mrs. Clinton said adamantly in an evening news conference that took issue with Mr. Comey for making the disclosure so close to the election.
Forty-four percent of Clinton’s supporters feel that way.
Poll: Hillary Clinton holds narrow lead over Donald Trump
Newt Gingrich Accuses Megyn Kelly Of Being Fascinated With Sex" And Covering For The Clintons"
Gingrich said that Kelly was not interested in covering the various Clinton scandals, and was instead focusing too much on Donald Trump's accusers.
When Kelly insisted that she had indeed covered these topics, Gingrich then proceeded to "dare" her to declare that former President Bill Clinton is a sexual predator.
UPDATE II: Trump thought it was great.<.p> > Trump congratulates @newtgingrich on “amazing” interview with @megynkelly: “We don’t play games" > — Oliver Darcy (@oliverdarcy) October 26, 2016 Trump congratulates @newtgingrich on “amazing” interview with @megynkelly: “We don’t play games"
“You are fascinated with sex and you don’t care about public policy,” Gingrich said.
Kelly ended her interview with a jab at Gingrich.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) accused Fox News host Megyn Kelly of being “fascinated by sex” on Tuesday, after snapping at her for asking about the women who have accused Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of sexual assault.
Mr. Trump has long known!! .@MegynKelly made a total fool out of herself tonight- attacking @realDonaldTrump.
Somewhere, Nancy Pelosi is chewing the inside of her cheek as she glares icily at a life-size Donald Trump 'FatHead' decal she's plastered onto the ceiling over her bed.
By ELENA SCHNEIDER No presidential candidate since the advent of modern polling has overcome the sort of deficits Trump faces nationally — where he trails Clinton by an average of 5.9 points — and in swing states with two weeks to go in an election.
With debate season over and the clock running out for significant swings in public opinion to materialize, the baton now goes to the get-out-the-vote operations, where Clinton enjoys an overwhelming advantage.
Hillary Clinton enters the final 15 days of the race safely ahead in states worth more than 270 electoral votes.
Larry Sabato’s Crystal Ball: “With less than three weeks to go, and all of the debates blessedly in the rearview mirror, Clinton is in a commanding position in the contest to become the 45th president… “A striking development in recent days has been the smattering of polling showing Trump with weak leads in some reliably Republican states.
Is Clinton now the favorite to reach 270 electoral votes, or, according to some forecasts, much more?
In the case of his Saturday speech, headlines were dominated by his lawsuit threat, not his detailed policy prescriptions.
But much of Mr. Trump’s pitch was lost as headlines instead focused on his vow to sue the 11 women that have come forward in recent weeks to accuse him of sexual assault.
Mr. Trump has a long history of threatening and occasionally following through on litigation, and in raising the possibility of suing his female accusers, he may have simply been trying to stop more from coming forward.
At her rally Saturday in Pennsylvania, Mrs. Clinton devoted much of her remarks to the state’s contentious Senate race, giving an extended plug to the Democratic candidate, Katie McGinty, and attacking the Republican incumbent, Senator Patrick J. Toomey, for not denouncing Mr. Trump for his vulgar remarks about women captured in a recording.
Yet in his own Gettysburg address, Mr. Trump, who has been sliding in the polls less than three weeks before Election Day, did not offer much in the way of race-changing oratory and did not seem to embrace Lincoln’s unifying ambition.
CLEVELAND — Hillary Clinton entered the final phase of her campaign on Friday, working to ensure a victory that is decisive enough to earn a mandate for her presidency and a surge of voters to help Democrats win congressional races.
And look, I've got to tell you, I am so flattered that Donald thought I used some sort of performance enhancer," Clinton said.
Conservative video-maker James O'Keefe's — best known for selectively editing undercover footage to get people fired — claimed another victim on Monday, after his Project Veritas group released the first in what he says will be a series of undercover videos revealing corruption within Hillary Clinton's campaign.
Mr. Kennedy was part of a long-running battle between the State Department and the intelligence agencies over Mrs. Clinton’s emails.
In one of the newly disclosed documents, an unidentified F.B.I. employee told investigators that Mr. Kennedy, through another F.B.I. official, had sought in one case “assistance in altering the email’s classification in exchange for a ‘quid pro quo.’” The F.B.I. had deemed the email classified, but the State Department disagreed.
In a letter to Mr. Kerry, they accused Mr. Kennedy, the State Department and the F.B.I. of collusion.
The FBI official spoke with Kennedy and Kennedy raised the possibility of keeping at least one Clinton email from public disclosure by obtaining a “B9” exemption under the Freedom of Information Act, a rarely used exemption that refers to “geological and geophysical information and data.”
In the late spring or early summer of 2015, the FBI official reported to work surprised to find a note indicating that Kennedy had called.
Politico - Clinton 42 / Trump 28 CNN - Clinton 57 / Trump 24 YouGov - Clinton 47 / Trump 42 Trump then boasted that “the shackles have been taken off me” before attacking fellow Republicans for perceived disloyalty.
The protest was organized by the Trump campaign’s Virginia state chairman, who was fired for what the deputy campaign manager, David Bossie, called “a stunt in front of the RNC without the knowledge or the approval of the Trump campaign”.
They could mobilize fully against him, do everything possible to deny him the nomination, sustain and support his challengers all the way to the convention, knowing that Trump would try to bring the pillars of the party down upon their heads.
“He made clear to members that his decisions are being driven by what is best for his members, not himself,” the source on the call said.
Story Continued Below "Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty," Trump wrote in a subsequent post about an hour later, which was followed by a third tweet stating: "It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to."
Still, he battled his way to a strong performance in the rest of the debate, and Clinton spent much time on the defensive as the focus shifted to her record.
The P-word tape had finally pushed the speaker, with his tepid backing of Trump, to cancel a weekend appearance and bail on the standard-bearer.
Trump fired back on Twitter: “Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee.”
But there’s little evidence at the outset that such a move would help Republicans: Clinton holds a 6-point lead over Pence in a hypothetical matchup among likely voters, according to the poll.
Clinton also leads by four in a two-way race, 45 percent to 41 percent.
Ana Navarro: Time for GOP to Disavow Donald Trump
Kaine was admittedly overexcited and his constant interrupting of Pence in the first 20 minutes rubbed everyone, on the left and right, the wrong way.
Meanwhile, Pence exuded the preternatural calm of a sociopath, increasingly frustrating Kaine with his ability to endlessly lie — about easily checked facts — with a disturbingly practiced assurance.
While Pence was the living embodiment of an unflappable liar — definitely the guy to go to if you need someone to bury the bodies — Kaine's relentlessness on this front clearly got to him enough that, for a brief, shining moment, he got flustered and angry.
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) appeared on NBC’s “Today” show on Wednesday to discuss the Republican tax bill and the impact it will have on workers, leading host Savannah Guthrie to ask him if he was “living in a fantasy world.”
It was a wise choice by Pence, who commanded the debate through his calm re-directing of it back to serious issues.
That Reaganesque rejoinder from Mike Pence — one of many — effectively put Tim Kaine in his place during a debate that exposed the depths of the Hillary campaign’s demagogic cheapness.
Kaine’s labored lines and sweaty lunges contrasted embarrassingly with Pence’s smooth and substantive debate performance.
Kaine puts it even more starkly than Clinton.
Kaine: “He absolutely said it.
Kaine: “Governor Pence said, inarguably, Vladimir Putin is a better leader than President Obama.”
THE FACTS: True, but that's not exactly to his credit as governor of Indiana.
It couldn't come a moment too soon, as a wave of post-debate polling found Clinton regaining a lead over Donald Trump.
He had long handled tax matters for Mr. Trump’s father, Fred C. Trump, and he said he began doing Donald Trump’s taxes after Mr. Trump turned 18.
Before the 1996 state tax return surfaced Saturday, Mr. Trump was under fire for saying in a debate with Mrs. Clinton last week that he would be “smart” if he got out of paying taxes.
Mr. Trump also teed up the controversy by quipping in a debate with Mrs. Clinton last week that he would have been “smart” if he had avoided paying taxes, as the former first lady charged.
Former New York Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani defended Mr. Trump’s tax moves by boasting that the billionaire businessman was an “absolute genius.”
However, he has endorsed Mr. Trump’s proposals to cut taxes and reduce federal regulations, and he has criticized Mrs. Clinton’s tax plan for increasing a variety of taxes.
The wolf was replaced Monday night by a kinder, gentler Trump, a lovable lamb — now that the target in the debate is Hillary.
On January 27, 1998, she told NBC News that there was a “vast right-wing conspiracy” out to get her husband — one that included this august publication, The American Spectator It was classic Hillary Clinton.
Rather than excoriating his debate opponent — as he did freely, wantonly, brutally, to the likes of Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio — Trump this time chose not to jump into the gutter.
But when asked if he had ever cheated on his wives, Mr. Trump said: “No — I never discuss it.
Mr. Trump’s sharply negative attacks on the Clintons, and on Ms. Machado, pose a significant political risk to his own appeal: Two-thirds of voters already see him unfavorably, according to polls, and he is struggling to win over female voters — including white women, a majority of whom have historically supported the Republican candidate in presidential elections.
The Clinton campaign is running a new attack ad against Mr. Trump featuring his insults of women over the years and has aggressively defended Ms. Machado; Mrs. Clinton called her on Friday to offer thanks “for all she had done and the courage she has shown, particularly as this became elevated through a war of some pretty unpleasant words,” according to Nick Merrill, a campaign spokesman.
Ms. Machado was being paid to look perfect, and when she couldn’t -- or wouldn’t -- live up to the standard she had asked to be measured by, she caught criticism.
Clinton's campaign jumped on Trump's Machado tweets later Friday morning, eager for yet another chance to highlight his tendency to fling derogatory remarks at women.
"There's been a lot of talk about sex tapes today and in a strange turn of events only one adult film has emerged today and its star is Donald Trump," Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill told her traveling press.
The former pageant winner told Cosmopolitan Magazine this week that she became a citizen last August specifically to vote against Trump, well after Clinton's 2013 departure from the State Department.
One of the main talking points has been that Trump was a “gentleman” for not bringing up Bill Clinton’s infidelities and hasn’t gotten the credit he deserved.
Trump struggled to defend himself against attacks by Clinton over his denigration of women, insensitivity on race relations and an assertion that he avoided paying federal taxes for years.
On the monitor tracking the voters’ reactions to the candidates, which was visible to the handful of reporters observing the group, even those leaning toward the Republican nominee disapproved of his windy response when Clinton ticked off possible reasons Trump may not want to disclose his tax returns.
“Donald Trump just got nuked,” he said.
Members of Philadelphia focus group cite Clinton’s ‘informed’ and ‘strong’ showing over ‘sloppy’ Donald Trump but remain unenthusiastic about choices Lauren Gambino in Philadelphia Tue 27 Sep 2016 12.32 BST Last modified on Fri 14 Jul 2017 19.39 BST In a clash between the two most unpopular presidential nominees in modern history, a group of undecided voters in the battleground state of Pennsylvania declared Hillary Clinton the clear winner; but remained deeply pessimistic about their choices in November.
As she spoke, many of the voters in the room agreed with her, especially among those already leaning towards her.
—Clinton Clinton exaggerates here.
Clinton is subtly adjusting her words here when confronted with a question about her consistency on policy positions.
He asks no similar questions about Clinton’s record, leaving Trump himself to bring up such Clinton hits as “superpredator.”
Trump counters, again, with examples of racism from Clinton’s 2008 campaign.
PolitiFact notes that Clinton did, indeed, flip-flop on the deal: > LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump is right, Clinton flip-flopped on TPP https://t.co/howNkUisAE pic.twitter.com/V70SDG3MAY > — PolitiFact Live (@politifactlive) September 27, 2016 Was that necessary, though?
The whopper came from Clinton, who suggested that the U.S. does not yet have “equal pay for equal work,” something that has been a matter of law for decades.
For months, evidence mounted that Clinton had lied.
"So we're saying this is a special circumstance, a special debate," Mook added.
"It's unfair to ask for Hillary both to play traffic cop while with Trump, make sure that his lies are corrected, and also to present her vision for what she wants to do for the American people," Mook said.
—Instant polls 60-70% likely to say Clinton wins.
(Obligatory parenthetical: Yes, Clinton lies too.
Mr. Trump can get bored with both debate preparations and debates themselves.
Her aim is to look steady and attentive when Mr. Trump is speaking, and to avoid visibly or audibly reacting to him too much.
Mrs. Clinton has concluded that catching Mr. Trump in a lie during the debate is not enough to beat him: She needs the huge television audience to see him as temperamentally unfit for the presidency, and that she has the power to unhinge him.
Given what must be the top two issues up for discussion: crime (and the subsidiary conversation about law enforcement) and terrorism, both of which should be among Trump’s few strong suits, the debate represents an unlikely opportunity for The Donald to go on offense, to show Mrs. Clinton for what she is: an elitist who is wildly out of touch with the concerns of ordinary Americans.
Police Chief Kerr Putney added to that anger at a news conference on Thursday when he said that the video did not give him “absolute, definitive, visual evidence that would confirm that a person is pointing a gun,” though he insisted that there was evidence to suggest that the police account of the event was correct.
Charlotte-Mecklenburg police have resisted the calls to release dashcam and body camera footage of the death of 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott earlier this week.
Rahami's wife is thought to be a Pakistani national.
He viewed the teenage Mr. Rahami as the prototypical immigrant, teetering between two worlds.
Mr. Rahami handled the register.
By sundown, Mr. Rahami had been charged with seven counts, including five counts of attempted murder of a law enforcement officer, with bail set at $5.2 million.
(New Jersey State Police) Rahami was charged late Monday in Union County with five counts of attempted murder of a police officer.
Blake Hounshell doing his thing pic.twitter.com/1EztksmdmT — Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) September 18, 2016 UPDATE 12:09 AM EST, Sunday, September 18th Hillary briefs the press but what strikes me is how she can barely keep her eyes open.
Two days earlier, Trump had tweeted a response to Jay-Z after the rapper and mogul criticized the president in part for characterizing Haiti and African nations as "shithole countries" during a CNN interview.
But Jay-Z was way ahead of him, telling CNN that the black unemployment rate doesn't make up for the president's divisive rhetoric.
In a head-to-head, Trump leads by 4 points.….
Donald Trump is surging in new battleground and national polls at a time when Hillary Clinton faces tough questions not only about her health but her sweeping criticism of her Republican opponent’s supporters.
"He takes us for idiots," Powell, who is black, said in the email.
Powell also derided former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes, who advises Trump, saying the sex scandal-plagued executive would hurt Trump's chances among women voters.
“I didn't tell Hillary to have a private server at home, connected to the Clinton Foundation, two contractors, took away 60,000 emails, had her own domain,” Powell said in one Feb. 4 email to former Reagan White House chief of staff Kenneth Duberstein, in the latest cache of hacked communications among top Washington insiders to emerge in the heat of this year’s presidential campaign.
The latest poll shows Trump winning the military vote by a landslide.
The Vox website has gathered together several national public opinion polls that compared the views of Clinton and Trump voters.
Former President Obama adviser David Axelrod rapped Clinton Monday on her "penchant for privacy."
Clinton wore a high-collared shirt and a dark pant suit and donned sunglasses for the morning event.
Trump spokesman Jason Miller said in a statement that Clinton had "revealed her true contempt for everyday Americans" and called the remarks an "inexcusable mistake."
She has aggressively promoted her growing list of military endorsements from both parties.
Hillary Clinton's declaration Friday night at a New York fundraiser that "half" of Donald Trump's supporters fit into a "basket of deplorables" seems, in its tersest formation, like a stupid comment to make.
But he needs to do more than that — he needs to win all or nearly all of the remaining swing states too, most of which Clinton is currently favored in.
Overall, the current polling points to a strong electoral vote win for Clinton, resembling Barack Obama’s margin of victory over John McCain in 2008.
But Democrats have dreamed of doing even better, hoping that Trump’s unpopularity could carry Clinton to a nationwide landslide.
There are a few data points that have given Democrats reason to hope this is happening: Occasional polls have shown Clinton close or ahead in deep red bastions like South Carolina and Texas.
At that time, Hillary Clinton’s lead over Trump in national polls rose to around 8 to 9 points on average, and now appears to be something more like 3 to 5 points.
Katie ran through the basics this morning, underscoring the astonishing reversal of fortunes for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.
One of the key findings of the poll is that although both Trump and Clinton are dominating among their own parties' respective bases, Trump voters are more enthusiastic to turn out than hers are: Story of CNN poll showing Trump taking the lead: His voters are more enthusiastic.
Clinton scandals taking a toll. pic.twitter.com/FA3lRy1uQt Ben Shapiro writes that unlike other "good" polls for Trump, in which his support remained static as Hillary's dropped, the new CNN survey actually shows him gaining.
And the relentless drip, drip, drip of Hillary Clinton's corrupt lying getting systematically exposed is really hurting her.
Either way, perhaps Hillary's campaign might want to reconsider its recently-leaked "run out the clock" strategy.
There are also some data points that suggest Hillary Clinton is on the brink of a blowout victory.
In a statement, her campaign said it was pleased that the F.B.I. had made the documents public.
Her journalism has been recognized with several awards.
And as the procession of mothers and fathers came up to the podium to state the name of their child -- who was murdered by illegal immigrants -- and then say “I’m voting for Trump” or “Trump is our last chance to save America” I found myself tearing up.
He showed he’s a man of action by flying to Mexico on a moment’s notice.
“I was a strong supporter of Donald Trump when I believed he was going to address the immigration problem realistically and compassionately,” said Monty, a Houston attorney who has aggressively made the case for Trump.
Having ditched his traveling press corps, Trump’s lie that he and President Enrique Peña Nieto didn’t discuss who would pay for his border wall wasn’t exposed until the Mexican president tweeted that they had a few hours later.
Even before that, he complained about Mexico on Twitter, in part because he won a lawsuit in the country but hasn't been able to collect.
Trump says on Twitter that he looks “very much forward” to meeting with President Enrique Pena Nieto.
DES MOINES, Iowa – Donald Trump’s experiment with “softening” his immigration policy came to a dramatic end Saturday in a fairgrounds livestock pavilion, with the Republican presidential nominee promising deportations within an hour of his inauguration.
Republican vice-presidential nominee Mike Pence said Sunday that nothing has changed about Donald Trump’s position on illegal immigration, as the campaign moved to tamp down criticism that the presidential nominee is flip-flopping on the signature issue of his run.
Spencer celebrated that sentiment on Twitter Thursday, before Clinton’s speech.
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s powerful denunciation Thursday of “alt-right” extremism that she said GOP opponent Donald Trump embraces was cheered by adherents of the political philosophy.
The Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website that calls itself “the world’s most visited alt-right website,” also cheered Clinton’s speech.
How rich this is, coming from a former Secretary of State who championed the Russian “reset” and ensured, after a hefty donation to the Clinton Foundation, that a Russian firm controlled by Putin owned 20% of American uranium.
But consider what she is saying: if you speak honestly about problems in the black community, you are racist.
What Clinton leaves out, of course, is that Trump had already denounced Duke and the KKK several times — including the day before that CNN interview.
On Wednesday, the campaigns of his former rivals were quick to point this out. .@JebBush spox @kristymcampbell says Trump's shift in deportation policy is "unsurprising" pic.twitter.com/md073YHLxH I guess Governor Kasich's advice wasn't so bad after all?
On Wednesday, Trump told Hannity there would be "no citizenship" for those illegal immigrants.
Clinton camp: This is more about wooing Republicans and swing voters than Latinos and African Americans Team Clinton believes that this Trump campaign talk about a possible retreat on immigration -- as well as Trump’s recent appeals to African-American voters -- is aimed more at nervous Republicans and swing voters more than Latinos and African Americans.
Indeed, as the New York Times writes, “[W]hile the move could avoid the awkwardness of Mr. Clinton jetting around the world asking for money while his wife is president, it did not resolve a more pressing question: how her administration would handle longtime donors seeking help from the United States, or whose interests might conflict with the country’s own.”
Bloomberg praised Toomey’s support of expanding background checks as his chief reason for helping him.
In July alone, New York hedge fund billionaire George Soros gave $1.5 million to Planned Parenthood’s super PAC and $35,000 to Priorities USA, both working to elect Clinton, as well as $500,000 to the Senate Majority PAC.
But this time, I actually believe that’s true,” he said, adding: “I am a Hillary Clinton fan, and I have been for quite some time.
Loewentritt also told BuzzFeed that the GSA suggested that Mueller's team issue a warrant or subpoena for the transition team materials, but the special prosecutor's office decided a letter requesting the materials would suffice.
Rio police indict Lochte, teammate for falsely reporting robbery
"He stopped me quickly and strongly denied that," Lauer said.
Before Mr. Ailes’s ouster, some of the network’s journalists and contributors privately complained that Mr. Ailes was pushing them to be more supportive of Mr. Trump.
The website emerged as a singular defender of Mr. Ailes, with a piece about a planned walkout by network stars loyal to him should he be forced out — it never came to pass — and one by Mr. Bannon ridiculing the “minor Murdochs” (the 21st Century Fox chief Rupert Murdoch’s sons and co-executives, James and Lachlan), who were seen as leading the push for Mr. Ailes to resign.
Clinton, though, has been plastering the airwaves with ads, while taking a significant post-convention lead in a number of battleground and national polls.
In a shift, he delivered a scripted speech to a rally audience Tuesday night in Wisconsin, appealing to minority voters in part by accusing Clinton of "bigotry" and saying she sees African-Americans as no more than votes to be won.
“Incident after incident proves again and again: Hillary Clinton lacks the judgment, the temperament and the moral character to lead this nation,” he said.
“As in several other areas of policy, Trump’s approach to foreign policy and national security seems a bit nebulous, focused on slogans rather concrete policies.”
“Simply put, Donald Trump is unfit to be our commander in chief.
“It all began in 2009 with what has become known as President Obama’s global ‘Apology Tour.’” Trump resurrects an old — and discredited — Republican talking point.
As we demonstrated more than five years ago, Rove took Obama’s quotes out of context and twisted their meaning in order to build a tendentious case.
In the quote cited by the Trump campaign, Obama said that intervening was “the right thing to do.”
What he regretted as his worst mistake was failing to plan for “the day after.”
He laid the blame for the rise of Islamic extremism on President Obama and Mrs. Clinton.
Over all, he appeared to be arguing for the kind of terrorism-centric foreign policy that President George W. Bush adopted after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
But Mueller’s team begs to differ.
"Hillary Clinton is at the center of an international corruption scandal that reveals her use of government authority and influence for personal gain," Miller said.
"We want to see the pay-for-play emails that Clinton’s chief of staff, Cheryl Mills, refuses to turn over," Miller continued in a statement.
Her primary opponent, Senator Bernie Sanders, and Mr. Trump have used those speeches to portray Mrs. Clinton as being chummy with Wall Street.
Hillary Clinton vowed Thursday to kill the Pacific trade deal that she helped push just a few years ago as President Obama’s top diplomat, hoping to win over wavering liberals and steal some of the anti-trade thunder from Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
Fact Check: Mrs. Clinton was making the point that, for many people, post-high school options that she promised to promote with government help — like job-training programs and community college degrees — would be sufficient to find jobs.
Mrs. Clinton is also correct that most Americans, including wealthy ones, are not affected now by estate taxes.
